Q1) what is python? what are the ways to install python in your pc?
Answer:
1)  Python is an interpreted, high-level general-purpose programming language.
2)  Created by Guido van Rossum and first released in 1991, Python's design philosophy emphasizes code readability with its notable use of significant whitespace. 
3)  Its language constructs and object-oriented approach aim to help programmers write clear, logical code for small and large-scale projects.

 ways to install python:
 
1) Python: Version 3.7.4:
   The Python download requires about 25 Mb of disk space; keep it on your machine, in case you need to re-install Python. When installed, Python requires about an additional 90 Mb of disk space.

2)Downloading:
Click on Python Download.


Click the Windows link (two lines below the Download Python 3.7.4 button).

Click on the Download Windows x86-64 executable installer link under the top-left Stable Releases.
The following pop-up window titled Opening python-3.74-amd64.exe will appear.

Click the Save File button.

The file named python-3.7.4-amd64.exe should start downloading into your standard download folder. This file is about 30 Mb so it might take a while to download fully if you are on a slow internet connection (it took me about 10 seconds over a cable modem).

Move this file to a more permanent location, so that you can install Python (and reinstall it easily later, if necessary).
Feel free to explore this webpage further; if you want to just continue the installation, you can terminate the tab browsing this webpage.

Start the Installing instructions directly below.

3) Installing:

Double-click the icon labeling the file python-3.7.4-amd64.exe.

Ensure that the Install launcher for all users (recommended) and the Add Python 3.7 to PATH checkboxes at the bottom are checked.

If the Python Installer finds an earlier version of Python installed on your computer, the Install Now message may instead appear as Upgrade Now (and the checkboxes will not appear).

Highlight the Install Now (or Upgrade Now) message, and then click it.

When run, a User Account Control pop-up window may appear on your screen. I could not capture its image, but it asks, Do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device.

Click the Yes button.

A new Python 3.7.4 (64-bit) Setup pop-up window will appear with a Setup Progress message and a progress bar.

During installation, it will show the various components it is installing and move the progress bar towards completion. Soon, a new Python 3.7.4 (64-bit) Setup pop-up window will appear with a Setup was successfuly message.

Click the Close button.
Python should now be installed.

Q2) what are codes environment?Tyeps?

Answer:
A code environment is a standalone and self-contained environment to run Python or R code. Each code environment has its own set of packages. Environments are independent: you can install different packages or different versions of packages in different environments without interaction between them.

Types of code environment:

1) Text Editor

2) Full IDEs

3) Notebooks Environment